下表为进行casestudy测试的10个样例。“datasource_name”为网址的简称，“datasource_url”为对应的官方网址，“datasource_chinese_name”为网址的中文简称，“license_content”为网址中的许可证具体内容，由于部分具体内容过于冗长所以在此省略，可以从网址“license_url”中查看许可证的具体内容，“Lawyer Review Result”为我们邀请的Software IP Lawyer对许可证内容进行判断的结果。

The following table lists 10 examples for case study tests. datasource_name is the short name of the website, datasource_url is the corresponding official website, datasource_chinese_name is the Chinese short name of the website, and license_content is the license content in the website. Some details are omitted here because they are too lengthy. You can view the license details from the URL "license_url." The "Lawyer Review Result" is the result of the software IP lawyer's judgment on the license content.

datasource_name   | datasource_url | datasource_chinese_name | license_content | license_url | Lawyer Review Result
-------- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ----- | -----
zol |	m.zol.com.cn | 中关村在线 |	"All information contained in the network services provided by ""Zhongguancun Online"" (including but not limited to any text, pictures, audio and video, etc.) and any software used to provide services are protected by intellectual property rights and other relevant laws. Users may only use the network services of ""Zhongguancun Online"" for personal and non-commercial purposes. Except for the purpose of using ""Zhongguancun Online"" services, users may not copy, forward or otherwise use in any way any information contained in the network services provided by ""Zhongguancun Online"" without the prior written consent of ""Zhongguancun Online"".(2)......	| https://www.zol.com.cn/marketing/legal_notice.html|Cannot be put into commercial use.
pconline| hm.pconline.com.cn| 太平洋电脑网-话媒频道	| The content of this website, such as text, graphics, images, music, logos, icon buttons, links, HTML coding, trademarks, software and other materials (hereinafter collectively referred to as "materials"), as well as the collection (referring to the collection, arrangement) of all materials on this website and compilation) are protected by copyright, trademark and other applicable laws. All materials and compilation of materials are the exclusive property of this website or its content providers or clients. Unauthorized use of any Materials violates copyright, trademark and other applicable laws. If you copy any Materials, ......	| https://corp.pconline.com.cn/terms.html|Cannot be put into commercial use.
cosx|cosx.org|统计之都|	All articles on this site are created by the author himself, and the copyright belongs to the author. Reprinting of the full text on other websites is strictly prohibited unless explicitly authorized by the author. Please respect our work and consciously abide by the rules. Your intentional or unintentional reprinting will not only hurt a person's creative enthusiasm. This site is not a casual entertainment site, but a formal scientific site! We need to do our best to ensure the accuracy of the content. In order to avoid incorrect knowledge from being spread during the reprinting process and ultimately misleading others, please only give the summary and URL of the article when recommending it to others, rather than copying the full text.	|https://cosx.org/about/|Cannot be put into commercial use.
southmoney|	m.southmoney.com	| 南方财富网	| "Southern Fortune Network independently owns the copyright of original content (except for picture content quoted from other parties). Without the express written permission of Southern Fortune Network, no one may copy, modify, reuse, disseminate the content, or publish it in non-Southern Fortune Network Mirror processing is done on the server to which it belongs. All content from sources other than ""Southern Fortune Network"" are reproduced, compiled or submitted by users (including but not limited to text, pictures, data, opinions, suggestions, etc.). The purpose is to promote information dissemination and exchange and does not represent this website. ......	|http://www.southmoney.com/nfcf/banquan.html|Cannot be put into commercial use.
txrjy	|www.txrjy.com	|通信人家园网|	With the authorization of the author, Autohome declares: The works (excluding interactive services) contained on Autohome's websites may not be copied, linked, illegally used or reproduced by any unit or individual without the written authorization of Autohome.	|https://www.autohome.com.cn/about/falv.html?f=index&pvareaid=21256822772|Cannot be put into commercial use.
autohome	|club.autohome.com.cn	|汽车之家汽车论坛	| Except for the purpose of using "Zhongguancun Online" services, users may not copy, forward or otherwise use in any way any information contained in the network services provided by "Zhongguancun Online" without the prior written consent of "Zhongguancun Online". |https://www.zol.com.cn/marketing/legal_notice.html|Cannot be put into commercial use.
zolbbs|	bbs.zol.com.cn	|中关村在线论坛 |	Without the written permission of Hupu, no person or organization may authorize, allow or assist other people or organizations to copy, read, crawl or use any information content in Hupu related software or services (nor may they edit or modify it without authorization). Later use), for commercial purposes including but not limited to promotion, increasing readings, pageviews, etc.|	https://www.hupu.com/policies/user|Cannot be put into commercial use.
AutoMathText	| https://huggingface.co/datasets/math-ai/AutoMathText |	AutoMathText	| "Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License (""Public License""). To the extent this Public License may be interpreted as a contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in consideration of Your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the Licensor grants You such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from making the Licensed Material available under these terms and conditions. Section 1 – Definitions......	|https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode.en|Can be put into commercial use
squad	| https://huggingface.co/datasets/squad	| 班组|	"Attribution 4.0 International By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License (""Public License""). To the extent this Public License may be interpreted as a contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in consideration of Your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the Licensor grants You such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from making the Licensed Material available under these terms and conditions.Section 1 – Definitions......|	https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode.en |Can be put into commercial use
OpenOrca|https://huggingface.co/datasets/Open-Orca/OpenOrca	|OpenOrca	|"Copyright <YEAR> <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in ......|	https://opensource.org/license/mit/ | Can be put into commercial use
